And welcome to the five o'clock Tulsa City Council meeting.
You can view this meeting on our Facebook page,
Cox channel 24 or at T gov online.org.
Assisting the council tonight are Jack Blair, city attorney Laurie Doring,
secretary to the council, and Catherine Ong, council staff.
If you wish to speak on an agenda item, please see Catherine over here.
To complete a request to speak card prior to that item being read,
you will not be allowed to speak on any item that has already been read.
Please join us in pledging allegiance to the flag of our country and remain standing for a moment of silent prayer and personal reflection.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands,
One nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Thank you.
No proclamations, no special presentations.
People wishing to speak on agenda items are limited to five minutes total per meeting.
Public input is a time for members of the public to provide insight on the agenda item.
Due to the meeting format,
public input is not a time for a question and answer period.
All comments should be relevant to the agenda item and directed to the council.
We're using this prestigious, pristine, beautiful electronic timing system.
For the speakers, you'll see it.
It shows a countdown clock.
It has a little green light.
That means you're good to go.
Yellow means you have 30 seconds left.
Red means you're out of time.
Please keep the podium area railings and aisles free from recording devices and tripods.
Recording equipment and accessories, including tripods,
must be set up in the media center.
As posted on tonight's agenda,
certain items are subject to consideration and possible approval, adoption,
denial, amendment, or revision.
Item 7B has been pulled.
7B is in boy.
I call this meeting to order.
Please call the roll.
Councillor Hall-Harper.
Councillor Archie.
Here.
Present.
Councillor Gilbert.
Here.
Councillor Bangle.
Councillor Doctor Wright.
Here.
Councillor Lakin.
Councillor Bush.
Here.
All right, receipt and filing of minutes,
minutes of regular meeting held at 4 p.m.
on February 5th, 2025, and B, the same item at 5 p.m.
Do we have any speakers?
There are no speakers.
Any council discussion?
Move to approve items 1A and B. Second.
Please call the roll.
Yes.
Item one A and B have has been approved to appointments and reappointments a Uriah Davis appointment to the sales tax overview committee and be Jessica Reyes appointment to the sales tax overview committee.
Do we have any speakers.
We have one speaker for items 2A and B, Mr. John Huffins.
Good evening.
Peace, yes, peace.
Thank you to our honorable city leaders, Council Chairman Phil Lakin, Councilor,
staff, team, Mayor Monroe-Nichols, and our excellent security.
We are thankful to the citizens of this great city of love, Tulsa, Oklahoma.
It is a joy to be with you on this 26th day of February in the year of our loving Lord,
Jesus Christ, 2025.
Yes.
Appointments and reappointments, A, Eriah Davis and B, Jessica Rice.
May we continue to honor our volunteers and citizens.
Thank you, family.
Thank you, Mr. Huffines.
Any council discussion?
Move to approve items 2A and B. Second.
Please call the roll.
Councilor Dutton.
Yes.
Councilor Veles.
Councilor Gilbert.
Yes.
Councilor Bangle.
Councilor Dr. Wright.
Yes.
Councilor Lakin.
Councilor Bush.
Councilor Carl Harper.
Yes.
Councilor Archie.
Items 2A through B are approved.
Any commissioners here who just got approved who want to speak?
Okay, okay.
Item three, public hearings.
This is a really long section that I'm not going to read all of.
The public hearing is related to and we are receiving comments from citizens regarding a proposed ordinance amending Title 28,
chapters one, two, three, four, five, six.
7 8 9 10 and 13 and it will have the emergency clause when placed upon the agenda.
Is there a motion to enter public hearings?
Move to enter public hearings.
Second.
Please call the roll.
Councilor Dutton?
Yes.
Councilor Belles?
Councilor Gilbert?
Yes.
Councilor Bangle?
Councilor Dr. Wright?
Yes.
Councilor Lakin?
Councilor Bush?
Yes.
Councilor Hall-Harper?
Councilor Archie?
Yes.
All right, we're in public hearings.
Do we have any speakers?
There are no speakers.
Without objection, we will exit public hearings.
B, we have another long section.
This public hearing is for the purpose of providing information,
including an analysis of potential positive or negative impacts and answering questions regarding the proposed amended and restated Tulsa International Airport economic project plan.
It will have the emergency clause as well.
Now the second public hearing will be on March the 12th, 2025 at the 5 p.m.
regular council meeting.
Is there a motion to enter public hearings?
Move to enter public hearings.
Second.
Please call the roll.
Yes.
All right.
We're in public hearings.
Do we have a speaker or many speakers?
I know we have one.
I feel like we have one.
There are no speakers signed up.
Okay.
But do we have a presentation from the airport?
I think I've got some slides to throw on the projector for reference as well.
Watch him closely to so thank you all for I hope I don't take all of that.
Thank you counselors for your time today excited to bring this before you for
first hearing having gone through now committee of all the taxing authorities as
well the TMAPC with unanimous support to this point obviously we will go back
before the County Commission and yourselves as well
for our final approvals.
As discussed this is an expansion of some of the increment districts within our project plan does not change our project plan area at all but does expand a couple of those districts that fall within that original project plan boundary namely districts E,
District B and District A as referred to on the map that was provided here to cover what was previously considered non-developable area that we hope to make a developable within that original project plan.
Additionally,
it expands the capture potential based on the size of the projects that we've seen today.
You know, some of the projects like Norsun, which have been announced,
or Agile Space, which has been announced,
are in themselves big enough to totally encompass the entire project plan area,
not just outside of one district, but all the districts encompassing.
So this right-sizes us based on the project sizes that we've seen for this development area.
Lots of high-quality jobs that we're excited to continue to bring.
to Tulsa and to the Tulsa Airport Improvement Trust lands.
And so we continue to push for that development of that good land and good quality development in an industrial area that's owned for it and is well suited for it from the infrastructure investments that have been made previously in the area.
So we also
in this contemplate the sales tax increment for the construction really because most of this is industrial,
but the construction costs that goes into the development of those lands in districts A and B.
So again, thank you for your consideration today.
Happy to answer any questions and thankful that we've had a unanimous support up to this point,
but we'll continue to push and make good conversation and discussion with everybody involved.
I'm Jeff Saban.
I'm development counselor for the airport as well.
I wanted to kind of go over just a little bit about the expansion.
If you can go to the expansion slide images real quick.
So you can see on each of the next three images where the different TIF districts are expanding.
And Daniel had also mentioned that the budget will be increasing if you adopt these amendments from a total authorized budget of $98 million.
to 975 million dollars and a good chunk of that is because when the original project plan was adopted back in 2015 these whale projects of a billion dollars plus investment weren't really on anyone's radar.
That's really been a development the last five or six years and so with the addition of this increased land for several of these TIF districts it really increases the development potential of these sites.
I just wanted to throw that out there.
So we see TIFF 9D will be expanding to include some of the areas adjacent to the freeway.
And then Increments District A and E will be expanding to include areas that were going to be runways when the original project plan was considered.
Oh, here's the E expansion.
obviously there won't be any development on the runways or taxiways but some of the surrounding lands are is developable okay all right I don't know mr.
city attorney can we ask questions during a public hearing
Typically not but this one's slightly different in that it's it's posted as For providing information from the project proponent.
So I think in this case you can okay I Just have a question.
I'm unfamiliar with the process of Undevelopable land becoming developable.
Well, what how does that happen?
Happy to answer that.
So some of what the TIF District E was originally purchased as a third parallel runway.
The FAA has provided new guidance on what that capacity requirement is for additional plane takeoff and landing capacity.
And so because that is no longer needed because the three runways we have today
provide that capacity and
multiples of it.
It was taken out of our master plan as an additional runway for development,
and so that made it available for future development.
And then same for some of this that could, you know,
right now is a crosswind runway,
but if it ever was determined that it didn't need to be within the remaining 25 years of that existing Local Development Act TIF that we have set up there,
then that would free it up for future development in that same regard.
Okay.
Thank you.
Anyone else?
Without objection, we will exit public hearings.
Four mayor's items.
The mayor is not with us tonight.
The remaining items for B through Y will not be read aloud.
However, public comments will be received on these items.
Councilor Decker-Wright is recusing.
Do we have any speakers?
Yes, we have four speakers.
The first speaker is Mr. John Huffins on items A, Q, R, and T.
Thank you, counselors.
Yes.
Mayors.
Let's see.
Yeah, item Q for Q,
especially then application market field day and fun run scheduled for May 9 2025 at 1519 South Quincy Avenue.
Catholics are an awesome part of our Tulsa family.
Yes, and the Marquette Catholic School is a strength to our community.
This school was named after Jacques Marquette,
a brilliant man who was able to converse in six languages and had clear understanding that scriptures were sacred and Jesus to be the Son of God.
Easy to say yes to this application.
Marquette Catholic School is connected with Christ the King Parish where they recognize Jesus is alive.
Yes, Christ is King and is returning to earth to rule and reign as Savior, King,
and Judge.
Mayor's item are a special event application, Kibo Group Run to the Well,
scheduled for April 5th, 2025, on streets surrounding R.L.
Jones Airport.
Yes to this Run to the Well special event application.
Kibo is about community empowerment based on biblical principles,
as in loving your neighbor as yourself.
Helping others to have clean water is important.
The USA has been blessed to the Lord from the beginning of our nation,
and we are fortunate to have His Word, the Holy Bible.
We can turn to it in order to enjoy the well, yes, the deep well, or may we say,
fountain of His Spirit, His love, His light.
I'm grateful for this faith-based organization, the Kibo Group,
continuing to step up and helping to provide fresh water and much more.
Yes, through Jesus Christ, the well of God's love,
light and joy are eternal as is His love for all persons.
So may we say yes to this compassionate people to this special event.
Mayor's item T, a special event application
Arnie's Bar Annual St.
Patrick's Day Celebration, scheduled for March 17th and 18th,
2025 at 200 South Detroit Avenue.
St.
Patrick's Day Celebration.
There is great merit in celebrating St.
Patrick, the evangelist who brought the message of Jesus Christ, the Son of God,
who shed his blood and died for our sins and rose to life.
Yes.
Mayor's Item U, especially if in application, St.
Patrick's Day scheduled for March 15, 2025,
starting at 3920 South Peoria Avenue.
A firm conviction and understanding that the gospel of Jesus Christ can
positively transform lives
led Saint Patrick to evangelize Ireland with a truth that lifted women, men,
and children.
There is merit in honoring and celebrating this special man.
Mayor's Item W, a special event application, Tulsa Farmers Market,
scheduled for March 1st, 8th, 15th, 22nd, and 29th.
of March 2025 at 1 South Lewis Avenue.
Having fresh, nutritious,
and delicious food available from local farms is a blessing.
I am grateful for these farmers making nutritious food available that when eaten,
can bring strength and vitality.
And we know as we eat or read God's word, the Holy Bible,
we receive spiritual nutrition, strength, and vitality.
Again, yes to this Tulsa's farmers market.
And thank you, counselors, for doing your best to help Tulsa be her best.
Thank you.
Next speaker, please.
The next speaker is Mr. James Alexander, Jr.
on item 4D.
Good evening.
Good evening, Councilor and my buddy, Mr. Larkin.
How we doing this evening?
Okay,
I have a problem with this simply because of whether the area that it's in and then what's happening in North Tulsa entitlement area.
Now North Tulsa is the only area in Tulsa,
Oklahoma that has a plan that is set up by the federal government.
Now, Crushfield has tried to get in on,
they have gotten some money from community development block grant money.
I know this is a tax increment district that's setting up one or more projects.
But the problem I have is that Tulsa, North Tulsa,
entitlement area has been set up since 1959 and received money in 1969.
So there's where the problem lies.
I don't want anything in North Tulsa developed before the entitlement area.
And it's crazy not to think that.
A sober Miami person that can read and halfway comprehend would have the same problem.
If you look at North and go north,
you see everything that's not supposed to be there.
And I know the reason why.
Tulsa said that they would never have, I'm not going to use that,
another black area.
And they're working towards the end.
It's not going to happen.
North Tulsa's going to develop as long as I'm alive.
It may not be long, but while I'm here, I'm going to work my butt off.
Thank you, Mr. Alexander.
I'm assuming Mrs. Alexander is the next speaker?
Yes.
Okay.
Good evening, Counselor.
Good evening.
How are you?
I'm well.
Thanks for asking.
You bet.
Hope the same for you and the others.
Are you speaking on 4D?
Yes.
As well?
Okay.
I agree with what my husband just said, but another concern that I have
is, um,
there seems to be some water issues in the North Tulsa community continuously because there's been a lot of neglect,
but a lot of work has been done the same time,
but we still have a lot of work that needs to be done.
So, you know, I'm thinking about this, this particular item and, um,
the North Tulsa area.
This is, uh, Crutchfield district, you say, but, um,
I brought this article with me,
changing the trajectory in declining neighborhoods.
And this is about North Tulsa.
And there's a lot of conversation about North Tulsa concerning water issues.
Most recently, the U S department of health and human services sent an $818,
000 check.
to DHS to help people pay their water bills, because over 2,
300 people have been threatened to have their water service taken from them.
And this is a continuous thing.
Most recently, we've been getting notices about lead in the pipes.
Can you really focus your comments on just this particular item?
I know you want to talk about water,
but I don't think this has anything to do with water.
This is related to the Crutchfield neighborhood and the TIF.
Well, I'm not sure how come you're planning to create
district as a tax increment district.
But I know that that's been done in the North Tulsa community too.
So basically I'm just saying that that area doesn't come up on the commute on the agenda.
The North Tulsa area really doesn't come up on the agenda down here in your discussions.
And I don't know how come.
If you if you ever want to comment just about water issues or whatever,
you can sign up on the public comments section at the very end of the agenda,
and then you can talk about just the water issues in North Tulsa.
If you'd like to do that, we can.
We can help you.
Sign up for that for the following meeting.
You can't do it for this one.
OK, well, I'll take your advice on that and I will do it.
Because.
That area needs to be included on the agenda.
There's a lot going on.
Thank you for your time.
Okay, you bet.
And do we have one more?
We have two more speakers.
Mr. Stuart McDaniel on item 4D.
How are you tonight?
Been better.
Counselors, thank you for having me.
Stuart McDaniel, H27 North Madison,
right in the middle of District A as part of the Crutchfield plan.
Been at this for seven years now.
I'm just now getting to see some of the supporting documentation and it doesn't align with the sector plan or the small area plan.
So I would respectfully ask the counselors to table it until I've had time to review it.
The budget is severely decreased from what we had initially planned on generating.
And a $8 million development that I am responsible for that we're using 1.
2 million of the city's affordable housing trust fund money is excluded from development area A which is
par and course with the plan.
So respectfully,
I just asked that it get tabled so that we can fix the documentation.
How how what's your estimate?
How long do you want us to table this item?
This is the first I've been able to be privy to it.
I thought I would get to review it as we are the largest.
We own 300 properties within this district.
I thought we
would be a part of the planning process.
I'm a little disappointed.
So as quickly as they can get documents,
it's minor fixes if we can get it fixed.
Yeah, so is a month too long?
I think that's too long.
I would, whatever the next step, Aaron.
Sure.
just help us out with this and then I think some counselors have some questions.
So Mr.
Stewart is correct and so we have changes to make to this Crutchfield TIF.
We can make those changes fairly quickly so by the time we go to vote for the next time we can be ready for the vote giving Stewart a chance to look at it before we come for the next vote.
Okay and then somebody that has their phone with them I don't have my phone is
the do we have a meeting we don't have a meeting over spring break so I think
it's the
Is it the 12th that we have?
Do we have a meeting on the 12th?
Is the 12th too early, the 12th of March?
The 12th is not too early,
and I take full responsibility for the mistakes that were in that project plan.
Okay, so I hear that the 12th is okay if we move to table this until the 12th.
I want time to work with the staff on it.
Okay.
Okay, let me go with Councilor Hall-Harper and then Belis and anybody else?
Oh, okay.
Bellis?
Just out of curiosity or to understand kind of what led to you kind of being surprised by the documents you were seeing.
Had you,
were there ones shown to you previously and then they were changed or you just hadn't seen anything yet?
I hadn't gotten to see them at all.
Okay.
We had prepared over the years, you all know what we've been going through.
The documents we had prepared were a master district plan.
And to a varying degree, we expected the city to modify them exponentially.
But this is kind of a wholesale thrown ours away and started from blank.
And the map doesn't depict the project plan.
It doesn't depict the intention of the community.
It doesn't align with the development
or the pattern development of pattern development.
It excludes, it's just wrong on a few levels.
And I was reviewing it sitting with Erin and I'm like,
I don't want this voted on.
I want it right.
You don't want your name on something that we have to almost wholesale fix and come back to you potentially.
So let's just get it right.
I'm sure we can.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Any other council discussion with Stuart while he's here?
Thank you all very much.
Do we have any other speakers?
Yes, we have a final speaker, Mr. Evan Taylor for item 4T.
Hello.
Mine's nowhere near as official as that, sorry.
That was much more dramatic and awesome.
Um, no, mine's actually in relation to, uh, for the past, uh,
few months since October, um, I've been spending,
I'm actually unemployed right now, so I spend my mornings, uh,
applying for jobs, uh, doing interviews, whatnot,
and then in the afternoons I spend my time cleaning up litter.
I love this city.
I've expressed that before actually up here as well when I was talking about speed limits.
I love this city a lot,
care a lot about citizens and its health and well-being in regards to speeding as well,
but also in regards to littering.
Since October, I've probably picked up over six tons of litter in this city,
doing it each day, taking it to dumpsters and whatnot.
But what disappoints me is the amount that we kind of ignore certain situations.
these awesome fun runs don't get me wrong I love participating these kind of
things I love drinking these I love being a part of this right but what often
gets neglected is the cups that get thrown on the ground or the excess trash
that gets thrown on the ground you know and I see police officers standing
around not enforcing the penalties that we have for these kinds of things I
I get it, it's an overwhelming thing to say, hey,
every police officer needs to write a ticket, right,
for every bit of littering.
But there could at least be some more teeth to this, right?
What's instead being done, I call this the Midwest solution.
It's something that I'm coining myself.
We like to just run over trash and litter with lawn mowers and turn it into little tiny pieces.
And then it gets washed into your water system.
And then it becomes my problem because I have to drink it later on.
So it is kind of my problem and I am driving past all this.
So what I'd like to ask of the council is what are we going to
to do to address things like, oh, you know,
all the fun things that we have coming up in regards to all the litter that will be presented from these different projects.
Like I said, it's fun that we have these,
but what do we do to protect the environment that we live in?
That's my question.
Yeah, no, that's good question posed to us.
Like I said at the beginning, this is not a question and answer time.
We just received comments from the public,
so I really do appreciate you bringing this up.
What we can do afterwards is we can ask the person or the team that's responsible for these special permits to come talk to us about what their enforcement mechanisms are and what they require of the organizers.
And then we can make tweaks if we see tweaks need to be made.
I appreciate that.
Like I said, just make sure we have some teeth behind it.
That's all I ask.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
So no more speakers, right, Catherine?
That is correct.
Okay.
So it sounds like we probably have two motions on this.
If you're ready to go, then I think you know how to do it.
Thank you.
Know what we need.
So for clarification, Mr. Chairman,
do we need to vote to remove D before we approve the others?
You can probably just do D on its own first and then do B through Y minus D.
Okay.
I move that we approve to withdraw 4D from the agenda and vote tonight.
Entable it until?
Entable it until March 12th.
Second.
At five o'clock in this room.
Yes, second that.
Okay, been moved and seconded.
Please call the roll.
Councilor Dutton?
Yes.
Councilor Belles?
Councilor Gilbert?
Yes.
Councilor Bangle?
Councilor Lakin?
Yes.
Councilor Bush?
Councilor Hall-Harper?
Yes.
Councilor Archie?
Okay, 4D has been tabled until March the 2nd at 5 p.m.
in the Tulsa City Council.
March 12th.
What did I say?
Yeah, well, it was 12 in my brain.
I'm just sorry that it didn't come out of my mouth.
March the 12th.
Thank you all.
It takes it takes all of us.
Okay.
All right, Mr. Chair,
I move that we approve items 4b through 4y with the exception of 4d,
including the emergency clause on 4b and 4c.
Second.
Please call the roll.
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Councilor Dr. Wright was recused for a while on that one.
I know and I just apologize to Councilor Bush.
I told her this would be an easy motion to make and then it got real tricky.
Yeah, that was a tricky one.
Okay, item five, authorities,
boards and commissions rezoning application Z7805 from RS3 to CS for property located north of the northeast corner of East Admiral Place North and North 91st East Avenue.
Do we have any speakers?
There are no speakers.
Do we have council discussion?
Move to approve item 5A.
Second.
Please call the roll.
Councilor Dutton?
Yes.
Councilor Belles?
Councilor Gilbert?
Yes.
Councilor Bangle?
Councilor Dr. Wright?
Yes.
Councilor Lakin?
Councilor Bush?
Yes.
Councilor Hall-Harper?
Councilor Archie?
Yes.
Item 5A is approved.
Six ordinances first reading.
The following items in this section of the agenda will not be read aloud and without objection,
items 6A through F will be forwarded to the next City Council meeting for action.
Seven, second reading,
ordinance amending the fiscal year 24-25 budget to make supplemental appropriations of $28,
417 from grant revenues to be received from the District Attorney's Council within the Forensic Science Improvement Subfund.
Four B, seven B has been deleted, removed, pulled.
Exactly all those things 7c.
I was just trying to get my numbers right ordinance amending title 24 nuisances section 210 summary abatement repealing conflicting ordinances and providing for severability It will have the emergency clause.
I think we have some speakers on this Yes, we have two speakers.
The first speaker is mr. James Alexander jr.
On 7c
Good evening.
Good talking to you about this one beforehand.
I said good talking to you about this one beforehand.
It was 7D?
7C.
Okay, this is dealing with code enforcement.
And I have a really big problem with code enforcement in some of the ways that they be dealing with the public.
And I don't think it's fair in the way that they do a lot of the work they do.
But sometimes, most of the times, they'd be doing the right thing.
Because this particular item, as we talked about, was standing water.
And it also was about trash, weeds, weeds, and grass.
And when you talk about standing water, that's a health hazard.
And I don't know how the city works with people that have those problems,
but I think before you try to take money from people or take their property,
that there should be some kind of way that it works out that each other come out home and not just the citizen be put out there just and can't handle what's being put in front of it.
So
that needs to be,
is there a public thing talking with code enforcement at any type of meeting?
Anybody having a meeting with code enforcement?
I'd like to attend.
Whoever has one.
Well, whenever we get to council items,
if anybody has one of those town hall meetings where code enforcement will be present,
I'll ask them to make that up.
I'll be nice.
I won't come out there and disturb you, Beatty.
Any questions?
Thank you Next speaker our next speaker is miss Bernice Alexander on item 7c Okay,
do we have any council discussion on 7a or C Move to approve item 7a and Simon 7c with the emergency clause on 7c second,
please call the roll
Councilor Dutton?
Yes.
Councilor Belles?
Councilor Gilbert?
Yes.
Councilor Bangle?
Councilor Dr. Wright?
Yes.
Councilor Lakin?
Councilor Bush?
Yes.
Councilor Hall-Harper?
Councilor Archie?
Yes.
Item seven A is approved and seven C is approved with the emergency clause eight council items a counselors announcements and reports on current community events activities efforts and concerns other than announcements and reports.
No discussion will ensue.
Anyone.
Yes.
Mark your calendars for tomorrow night if you live in District 2.
We want to invite all of the residents to a District 2 district-wide town hall.
We're going to be welcoming some of the newly elected officials who overlay our district.
So State Senator Aaron Reinhart will be with us,
State Representative Michael Lay, Tulsa
County Commissioner Lonnie Sims,
Tulsa Auditor Nathan Picard from the Mayor's Office.
We'll have Shane Stone from the Financial Empowerment Center.
We'll have Amber Guptins.
And I will ask if a representative from Code Enforcement can come and just be with us if you want to join us.
But each one of these speakers will have four to five minutes,
talk about their priorities, and there'll be a time for questions.
Answers and so please bring your concerns and bring a friend.
It will be tomorrow night at the University Village auditorium That's right next to cityplex towers starting at 6 p.
m Okay, anyone else
Alright, item B, donation from PLX Inc.
to the Tulsa City Council for an Epson SureColor T5270 single-roll plotter printer valued at $2,
972.22.
Do we have any speakers?
There are no speakers.
Any council discussion?
Move to approve item 8B.
Second.
Please call the roll.
Councilor Dutton?
Yes.
Councilor Belles?
Councilor Gilbert?
Yes.
Councilor Bangle?
Councilor Dr. Wright?
Yes.
Councilor Lakin?
Councilor Bush?
Yes.
Councilor Hall-Harper?
Councilor Archie?
Yes.
Item 8B is approved.
Nine new business.
There are no items.
Ten.
Hearing of appeals.
No items.
Eleven.
Hearing of public comments.
No items.
Twelve.
Adjournment.
We are adjourned.
Thank you all.
lies.
If there's a stray